CSS properties: intro sentence in values section part 3 (#44936)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/font-language-override/index.md

Reviewer: duplicate:

```suggestion

```

### Values

> This property is specified as a `<string>` or the keyword `normal`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is specified as a single value from the following list:
```
